Feat(password): add show/hide action to show the password (#261)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

Our goal is to make migrations as smooth as possible. This is why we try to make many changes backward compatible by using deprecation warnings. The deprecation warnings are usually removed in the next breaking release.

## `2.11.0` -> `2.12.0`

### Show Password action and related icon

> The `<Password>` input now displays a show/hide icon allowing the user to clearly see its password. You can disable this behavior by adding a disableShowPassword attribute like bellow :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Password>` input now displays a show/hide icon allowing the user to view its password. You can disable this behavior by passing the `disableShowPassword` flag like bellow:
```

```diff
<Password
  id="password"
  name="password"
  required
+ disableShowPassword={true}
/>
```

> As such we needed a new eye-off icon. We added this icon in [the theme's `<Icon>` component](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/src/web/theme/components/atoms/Icon/Icon.js). If you have overridden the `<Icon>` component please add an icon named `eye-off` to the list of icons.

Author: separated in a new paragraph (for now in the singular, waiting for the other icons)

```diff
import {
  ...
+ IoIosEyeOff,
} from "react-icons/io";

const keyToComponent = {
  ...
  eye: IoIosEye,
+ "eye-off": IoIosEyeOff,
  pencil: IoMdCreate,
  ...
};
```

This new `Password` component requires a stylesheet to add in the `_components.scss` file if you overrode it.

```diff
...
@import "~theme/components/atoms/Form/Label/Label";
+@import "~theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/Password";
@import "~theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Select/Select";
...
```

If you overrode the `_Input.scss` file, you may need to indicate the inputs height by adding an `input-height` class to correct the vertical alignment of the icon. 

```diff
input,
+.input-height,
select {
  height: 3.4rem;
}

```

### New features in `2.11.0`

These new features may be relevant for your existing application:

> - `<Password>` fields now display an eye icon to show the password clearly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `<Password>` component now allows the user to reveal the password
```
